README.md, before:

# 01 HTML, CSS, and Git: Code Refactor

## Brief Description of My Involvement for this Assignment

In this assignment I refactored most of the code in HTML/CSS to be semantically correct. I also added "ALT's" to the images for semantic reasons involving disabled folks who need a descriptor of what they're unable to view involving each image displayed. I Changed the two headers in HTML that weren't working properly so that once clicked upon they'd redirect you on the page to the cooresponding location for each  of them. A new repository was created in guthub allowing my site to go live when I finalize my work. Used commits/pushes to update my work progressively as I went along making chnages for the better. Comments were left in areas that changes were made, desceribing why I chose each correction. I will note that my repository title for the assignment is a bit vague and misleading. Upon having my tutor session I was told to leave it be as changing it would be a difficult unruly process for our "first real assignment". The website however has a more descriptive relatable name that describes what the page has to offer. Changed that in the HTML to further be displayed upon reacing the website. I did also change the text font for "seo" in the header that reads "Horiseon" to be more noticable and vibrant.

## User Story

```
AS A marketing agency
I WANT a codebase that follows accessibility standards
SO THAT our own site is optimized for search engines
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the icon and image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
```

Commit message:

Left descriptive comments on the HTML/CSS to show my refactoring

README.md, after:

# 01 HTML, CSS, and Git: Code Refactor

## Brief Description of My Involvement for this Assignment

In this assignment I refactored most of the code in HTML/CSS to be semantically correct. I also added "ALT's" to the images for semantic reasons involving disabled folks who need a descriptor of what they're unable to view involving each image displayed. I Changed the two headers in HTML that weren't working properly so that once clicked upon they'd redirect you on the page to the cooresponding location for each  of them. A new repository was created in guthub allowing my site to go live when I finalize my work. Used commits/pushes to update my work progressively as I went along making chnages for the better. Comments were left in areas that changes were made, desceribing why I chose each correction. I will note that my repository title for the assignment is a bit vague and misleading. Upon having my tutor session I was told to leave it be as changing it would be a difficult unruly process for our "first real assignment". The website however has a more descriptive relatable name that describes what the page has to offer. Changed that in the HTML to further be displayed upon reacing the website. I did also change the text font for "seo" in the header that reads "Horiseon" to be more noticable and vibrant.

## Screenshot of Live Application 


## Link for the Deployed Application 
http://127.0.0.1:5500/index.html#social-media-marketing
